---
layout: post
title: 면접준비
description: >
  면접 예상 질문 정리
hide_description: false
category: dailydev
---


- Table of Contents
{:toc .large-only}

## 스프링

Ever since the introduction of Dark Mode, link styles have been a bit of an issue. Specifically, finding an accent color that worked on both light and dark backgrounds was the problem. With Hydejack 9, the [link style](#linking-in-style) has been revamped so that legibility is no longer tied to the choice of accent_color, giving you much more freedom in creating a unique design flavor for your site.
 
## JAVA

The theme on which Hydejack is based was designed for a different era of the web. Hydejack has inherited many of its limitations, but over time I've made adjustments, such as centering the content column for better reading ergonomics. 

With version 9, Hydejack takes full advantage of large displays. Whether it's design indulgences such as oversized headlines, or quality of life improvements such as a floating table of contents, Hydejack now finds use for all that extra screen real estate[^1]. 
 
## DB

Hydejack 9 now lets you use content cards for both projects and posts. 
The cards have been redesigned with a new hover style and drop shadows and they retain their unique transition-to-next-page animations, which now also work on the `blog` layout. The new `grid` layout lets you do that.

Good images are key to making the most out of content cards. For that reason, a [chapter on images](../../docs/basics.md#adding-images) has been added to the documentation.
 
## 서버

Hydejack now has Built-In Search. It even works offline. I've been prototyping many approaches and eventually settled on a fully client-side, off-the-main thread solution that perfectly fits the use case of personal sites and shows surprisingly good results[^2]. 

The new search UI is custom made for Hydejack and shows beautiful previews of your posts and pages, right on top of your regular content.

Together with the Auto-Hiding Navbar, your entire content library is now only a couple of keystrokes away.

<div class="gumroad-product-embed" data-gumroad-product-id="nuOluY"><a href="https://gumroad.com/l/nuOluY">Loading…</a></div>



